README.md, before:

# coco
A Config Controller

> In colloquial Spanish and Portuguese, *coco* means head or mind.  
> The coconut fruit was apparently named by sailors who were reminded of a bogeyman called *coco* by the three holes in the shell. *coco* comes to get or eat misbehaving children.

## Overview
*coco* keeps a number of hosts organized in groups.  
Using YAML files *endpoints* can be defined to be exposed or called on specified conditions. The call of an endpoint results in *coco* calling the same endpoint on a given set of hosts. *coco* can be configured to check or compare the results and based on that export [prometheus](prometheus.io) alerts, write [slack](slack.com) messages or call other endpoints.  
The values passed to *endpoints* can be marked as part of a global state, which is tracked and kept in sync on the hosts.

## Documentation
*coco*'s documentation is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://chime-coco.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)  
##

> *Duérmete niño, duérmete ya...*  
> *Que viene el Coco y te comerá.*

Commit message:

doc(README): Add section about metrics to README

README.md, after:

# coco
A Config Controller

> In colloquial Spanish and Portuguese, *coco* means head or mind.  
> The coconut fruit was apparently named by sailors who were reminded of a bogeyman called *coco* by the three holes in the shell. *coco* comes to get or eat misbehaving children.

## Overview
*coco* keeps a number of hosts organized in groups.  
Using YAML files *endpoints* can be defined to be exposed or called on specified conditions. The call of an endpoint results in *coco* calling the same endpoint on a given set of hosts. *coco* can be configured to check or compare the results and based on that export [prometheus](prometheus.io) alerts, write [slack](slack.com) messages or call other endpoints.  
The values passed to *endpoints* can be marked as part of a global state, which is tracked and kept in sync on the hosts.

## Metrics
Prometheus metrics are exported at a port specified in the config (`metrics_port`).
These are:
- `coco_requests` (labels: `['endpoint']`): Total number of requests received per endpoint.
  **NB** we intend to change this one to a metric that tracks dropped requests.
- `coco_results` (labels: `['endpoint', 'host', 'port', 'status']`):
  Count of forwarded endpoints labelled by the host and port they were sent to, and the status code they returned.

## Documentation
*coco*'s documentation is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://chime-coco.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)  
##

> *Duérmete niño, duérmete ya...*  
> *Que viene el Coco y te comerá.*
